- Answer these CodeLearn Rails Models exercise questions:
  - What model method allows you to make a new model instance and save it?<br>The '.create' model allows a developer to make a new model instance and save it all in one step; as opposed to using two separate models '.new' and '.save' separately.  Thus, if the intention is to save a newly made model instance, one is better off using '.create' to make and save it at the same time.<br>
  - If I wanted to find all `Bulldog`s with the `breed` of `'English'`, what line in Ruby would I execute?<br>We can search a database through a particular name to find a particular value using the following pseudocode: Database.find_by_field_name("field_value").  So if Bulldog is the database, breed is the field name, and English is the field value, we would execute the Ruby line 'Bulldog.find_by_breed("English")' to find all Bulldog's with the breed of English (the single quotation marks are to be omitted in the actual code of course).<br>
  - How do you delete all instance of a certain model?<br>Using 'rails destroy model <model_name>' will delete all instances of a certain model; however, this will not affect any databasae migrations that have been run after any of the model instances have been saved.  Thus, if any instances of the model have  been saved it will be useful to rollback the migration and delete them from the database as well.  Using 'bundle exec rake db:rollback' and then 'rails destroy model <model_name>' will delete all instances of a certain model and remove saved instances of the model from the database as well.  (This assumes that the most recent database migration saved all of the instances of the model in the database; if previous migrations saved instances also, then the rollback will need to be specified to the timestamp when the first instance of the model was saved in the database.)<br>
- RailsTutorial Ch. 6
  - Link to `sample_app` repo: [my repo](https://github.com/albatross7817/hartl_ch6)
  - Link to app on Heroku: [my app](https://vast-shore-5408.herokuapp.com/)
- Optional
  - CodeClimate: hartl_ch6 received a GPA of 4.0
